Docs/hs tag with icon (#445)
pluralsight/tva: website/docs/development/headless-styles/Tag.mdx

:::

### Tag with Icon

> Icons may be placed before or after text within a tag.

Reviewer: Let's make this a little more on brand by being less cold (because it's just a short statement  - straight to the point). I want to challenge you to make sure you are approaching all your docs in a holistic way.

```suggestion
You can add an Icon to a tag element which may help make it visually more interesting and recognizable. A single icon may be placed before or after the text within a tag.
```

  styles: Record<CSSProps, string>
}
```

### TagWithIconProps

```typescript
interface TagWithIconProps {

>   tag: TagProps

Reviewer: I don't think it's worth forcing the user to go back and look up `TagProps` here because it's just a single property. The only time we want to force readers to do that if something is 3+ props.

Go ahead and just copy/paste the object here and in the JS one. Additionally, you need to do the same with iconOptions. By not just including it, it looks like we are just giving our readers the middle finger because we don't want to go out of our way to document things - we instead want them to go out of *their way* to find the results. Not good.
